hey guys I got the busing up on the lift
and it's been a little bit of time just
kind of looking it over and looking all
the rest underneath and got sick of
looking at that and decided to see if I
can get that original motor that's in it
up and running so I hooked up a battery
to it and a jumper button put to the
starter and all does crank over it spin
over I did a compression test
compression test looked pretty good
nothing terrible my test is a temp 10
pounds off but I had 95 130 100 and 100
so the glose gonna be 105 the highest
can be 140 on the cylinders the
carburetor was absolutely horrible so I
ended up having to take it in sandblast
it just to get it to clean out and it
actually has a rotted hole right through
the back of the float so I took some
right stuff and putty did and you can
see this black crap on the back of the
float Bowl and take my word for it
anyway so that stuff's on there has no
accelerator pump that was dust on the
inside I don't have one that's this
small so I took a little bit more the
right stuff and I just kind of plugged
the hole going into it cuz there's no
guts no gasket no nothing and give you
an idea this is what was in the flow
pole that's what I dumped out of the
football so I'm not expecting too much
from that carburetor but I do have a
setup I cleaned that tip distributor out
I got spark and may run and I figure
I'll go grab the camera and we're going
to go giver and see if we can get at the
start I do have some cheater fuel over
there if I need it if not hopefully
it'll be the first time this has been
started I'm going to guess the plate on
it is 1977 expired so I'm going to say
87 97 2007 I'm gonna say 36 years it
hasn't run in so this would be a very
old cold start 36 years it does have oil
in it and let's see see we get
better than that do you think it's
something like that we get you a little
something
crap yep
they help
right
the power to the coil
a little cheater button here
now shopping you arrest
we got the choke in the throttle tied
together so you can't operate one
separate from the other without revving
it up trying to choke it by hand
well for now we're gonna call that good
definitely put some smoke out but it
does run got me bleeding this shoppi
yeah
it's putting up a fight that's all but
that motor will run I need a carb real
bad it without my hand choking it it
won't stay running and I kind of
expected that that was in a pretty poor
shape as far as the carburetor is and I
don't know if I have anything that bolts
up to this flame she seems like it's
very small I think I said that when t
five or something was on written on the
side of it not sure so wha the motor is
a goer so to speak it's like it's
bleeding some stuff from underneath but
that would be an old start cold start
for sitting for 36 years I got to be
happy enough with that the fact that at
least even Orion it's like the rear main
is not liking it very much actively
dripping
remain stripping no mice came out on
fire that's a good sign I did have to
pick a nest out of this side though
there was a nest of nine tens that I
wanted to go pull the spark plugs out so
I may still swap out the motor in there
but I wanted to play and see if we can
get this one running so I guess we can
officially say the single cab lives
again guys thanks for watching comment
take care bye bye